Polynomial Linear Regression Model :

	Polynomial regression is a type of regression analysis where the relationship between the independent variable x and the dependent variable y is modeled as an nth-degree polynomial function. In other words, instead of fitting a straight line (as in simple linear regression) or a plane (as in multiple linear regression), polynomial regression allows for fitting curves to the data.

	The general form of a polynomial regression model with one independent variable (x) is:
	
	y = β₀ + β₁ * x + β₂ * x² + ... + βₙ * xⁿ + ε
	
	where:
	- y is the dependent variable,
	- x is the independent variable,
	- β₀, β₁, ..., βₙ are the coefficients of the polynomial terms,
	- ε is the error term.
	
	In this model, n represents the degree of the polynomial. For example:
	- n = 1 corresponds to a simple linear regression model,
	- n = 2 corresponds to a quadratic regression model,
	- n = 3 corresponds to a cubic regression model, and so on.
	
	Polynomial regression allows for more flexibility in modeling complex relationships between variables. It can capture nonlinear patterns in the data that cannot be adequately represented by linear models. However, higher-degree polynomials can also lead to overfitting, where the model fits the noise in the data rather than the underlying pattern, especially with limited data.
	
	To perform polynomial regression in practice, you typically use techniques such as least squares regression to estimate the coefficients of the polynomial terms. Additionally, it's important to assess the goodness of fit and consider techniques like cross-validation to avoid overfitting. Polynomial regression can be implemented using libraries such as scikit-learn in Python.
	