# What is DeepLearning ? What is the inner Mechanism and what are the different types of deeplearning ?

Deep learning is a subset of machine learning in artificial intelligence (AI) that has networks capable of learning unsupervised from data that is unstructured or unlabeled. Also known as deep neural learning or deep neural network.


Deep learning is a class of machine learning algorithms that uses multiple layers to progressively extract higher-level features from the raw input. For example, in image processing, lower layers may identify edges, while higher layers may identify the concepts relevant to a human such as digits or letters or faces.

There are many types of deep learning, including:

1. Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs): These are most commonly used in image and video recognition. They are also used in recommendation systems such as the content recommendation on Netflix.

2. Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs): These are used in speech recognition, language modeling, translation, and image captioning. They are designed to recognize patterns in sequences of data, such as text or speech.

3. Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs): These are used to generate new data samples that are similar to a given dataset. They are often used in image generation and style transfer.

4. Deep Reinforcement Learning: This is a type of machine learning that uses a reward system to train an agent to make decisions in an environment. It is used in game playing, robotics, and other applications where an agent needs to learn to interact with its environment.

5. Autoencoders: These are used for unsupervised learning and dimensionality reduction. They are often used for feature extraction and data compression.

6. Deep Belief Networks: These are used for unsupervised learning and feature learning. They are often used in applications such as speech recognition and image classification.	

7. Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) Networks: These are a type of RNN that is designed to handle long sequences of data. They are often used in applications such as speech recognition, language modeling, and time series prediction.

8. Transformer Networks: These are a type of deep learning model that is designed to handle long-range dependencies in data. They are often used in natural language processing tasks such as machine translation and text generation.

These are just a few examples of the types of deep learning models that are currently being used in various applications. Deep learning is a rapidly evolving field, and new models and techniques are constantly being developed.


# What is the difference between Machine Learning and Deep Learning ?

Machine learning and deep learning are both subsets of artificial intelligence, but they differ in terms of the complexity of the models and the amount of data required for training.

Machine learning is a type of artificial intelligence that uses algorithms to learn from data and make predictions or decisions. It is typically used for tasks such as classification, regression, clustering, and recommendation systems. Machine learning models are trained on labeled data, and they require feature engineering to extract relevant information from the data.

Deep learning is a type of machine learning that uses neural networks with multiple layers to learn from data. Deep learning models are capable of learning complex patterns and relationships in the data without the need for feature engineering. They are typically used for tasks such as image and speech recognition, natural language processing, and reinforcement learning.

The main differences between machine learning and deep learning are:

1. Complexity of models: Machine learning models are typically simpler and have fewer layers than deep learning models. Deep learning models have multiple layers of neurons that can learn hierarchical representations of the data.

2. Amount of data required: Deep learning models require a large amount of labeled data to train effectively, while machine learning models can be trained on smaller datasets. Deep learning models are more data hungry because they have more parameters to learn.

3. Feature engineering: Machine learning models require feature engineering to extract relevant information from the data, while deep learning models can learn features automatically from the data. This makes deep learning models more flexible and easier to use in practice.

4. Interpretability: Machine learning models are often more interpretable than deep learning models because they have simpler structures and fewer parameters. Deep learning models are often referred to as "black boxes" because it is difficult to understand how they make predictions.

Overall, deep learning is a more powerful and flexible approach to machine learning, but it requires more data and computational resources to train effectively. Machine learning is a more practical and interpretable approach for many applications, especially when the data is limited or the problem is well-defined.