Decision Trees :

/**
 * Decision Trees are a non-parametric supervised learning method used for classification and regression.
 * The goal is to create a model that predicts the value of a target variable by learning simple decision rules inferred from the data features.
 * 
 * Decision trees are constructed by recursively partitioning the data based on the values of the input features.
 * Each internal node of the tree represents a decision rule based on a specific feature, and each leaf node represents a predicted value or class label.
 * The decision rules are learned from the training data, and the tree is built to minimize the prediction error.
 * 
 * Decision trees have several advantages, including:
 * - Interpretability: The decision rules learned by the tree can be easily understood and visualized.
 * - Non-linearity: Decision trees can capture non-linear relationships between the input features and the target variable.
 * - Robustness: Decision trees can handle missing values and outliers in the data.
 * 
 * However, decision trees also have some limitations, such as:
 * - Overfitting: Decision trees can easily overfit the training data, leading to poor generalization on unseen data.
 * - Instability: Small changes in the training data can result in different decision trees being generated.
 * - Bias: Decision trees tend to favor features with more levels or categories.
 * 
 * To mitigate these limitations, various techniques have been developed, such as pruning, ensemble methods (e.g., random forests), and boosting.
 */

Decision Trees are a non-parametric supervised learning method used for classification and regression. The goal is to create a model that predicts the value of a target variable by learning simple decision rules inferred from the data features.


